# Meeting 2 – SOEN 341  
## Sprint 1

**Date:** September 19, 2024  
**Start Time:** 4:15 PM  
**End Time:** 5:55 PM  
**Location:** Hall 815

### Attendance:
- Lola Arroyo | 40277494
- Maria-Christine Catiche | 40247670
- Seyed Arman Emami | 40246774
- Lilia Messaoudi | 40252419
- Ishika Patel | 40185588
- Sofia Sanchez | 40247014

---

### What will be discussed?
1. Is everyone ok with the project?
2. Who will be assigned to what?
3. Talking to the TA
4. Discussion in a team

---

### During the Meeting:
1. Everyone had some confusion about the project, so we needed to discuss how we will work on it as a team.
    - Are we going to assign a team leader?
    - Who is more comfortable working on the front-end/back-end or database?
2. a) **FRONT-END**: - Lilia, Lola, and Ishika  
   b) **BACK-END/DATABASE**:   - Arman, Maria, and Sofia  
3. The TA suggested that we start working on the project as soon as possible.
4. According to the TA, we are a bit behind. To speed things up, we decided to assign some tasks related to Sprint 2. However, our priority is still to finish Sprint 1, but we felt that managing Sprint 1 didn’t require all six team members. 

---

**IMPORTANT:** For the next meeting, the front-end for the login page and the instructors' section needs to be completed. The database should also be functional. Also, the people assigned to the Sprint 2 front-end should have their tasks completed.
