# Meeting 2 â€“ SOEN 341  
## Sprint 1

**Date:** September 19, 2024  
**Start Time:** 4:15 PM  
**End Time:** 5:55 PM  
**Location:** Hall 815

### Attendance:
- Lola Arroyo | 40277494
- Maria-Christine Catiche | 40247670
- Seyed Arman Emani | 40246774
- Lilia Messaoudi | 40252419
- Ishika Patel | 40185588
- Sofia Sanchez | 40247014

---

### What will be discussed?
1. Is everyone ok with the project?
2. Who will be assigned to what?
3. Talking to the TA
4. Discussed Data base.

---

### During the Meeting:
1. Everyone had some confusion about the project, so we needed to discuss how we will work on it as a team.
    - Are we going to assign a team leader?
    - Who is more comfortable working on the front-end/back-end or database?
2.
   **FRONT-END**:  
    - Lilia, Lola, and Ishika  
   **BACK-END/DATABASE**:  
    - Arman, Maria, and Sofia  
4. The TA suggested that we start working on the project as soon as possible.

---

**IMPORTANT:** For the next meeting, the front-end for the login page and the instructors' section needs to be completed. The database should also be functional.
